have you see what happen to these what
happened what does that mean
you look like albinos why they all
yellow it was shitty the ones maybe it's
just the sweetness is wilting though
they know that you hate them see these
ones are powerful they're yellow and
they're dying after nearly two months
the talking to plants experiment as a
major problem I'm gonna go check the
watering system and see if maybe the
timers are off or what's going on
it looks pretty dry doesn't it the build
team hasn't been up here for a week a
long hot week now faced with withered
dying plants they wish they had one of
these timers isn't working
really that's light so it's not getting
any water moisture and this one looks
pretty moist on the top but it's dry
down there well I guess they don't grow
on kind words alone the problem is is
the timer that was letting the plants
get water the one that was actually
feeding into the pots the battery died I
just think the talking plants are
committing suicide cuz they're listening
to I Love You laddie allowed you all
freakin day the only upside every
greenhouse was affected in exactly the
same way so although the plants aren't a
picture of health the experiment is
still valid
now the build team will reap what it's
so I think they're come up with our
conclusion what we need to do is pull
the plants out of the pots completely
wash the soil off of the roots and weigh
the plant mass in each greenhouse and
that should give us a pretty good result
hi Jamie hi Carrie
what's going on up here looking like a
groundhog I'm you - as is traditional at
harvest time
all the neighbors gather round to lend
here's the first nice house thank you
please sleep I really wanted to hear
Jamie do this one Ireland here you are
the most beautiful plant I've ever seen
I love you so you're nice here and then
you're nasty here you called the plant
of freshman I was running out of
material now for the hard data does
talking to plants help them grow so this
is the classical music classical music
turns out not as well as playing them
music Wow
right those look like very healthy with
their bah-bah-bah
number seven the metal house was the
best performer of all how many feet buds
but in both music houses the plants were
healthier much taller and had the
biggest Peas five my god metal is huge
these plants are enormous compared to
everything else
Niq heavy metal roll I think heavy metal
really rule 16 inch talking nice or
nasty made no difference to PA's
shriveled pea pods memory harry's nice
house did better than her nasty one but
the opposite was true for Scotty
30 grams 30 grams on number 8 and the
silent controlled house was the worst
performer of all say 9 grams 9 grams
number 6 so I went through all the data
what your plants did and by and large
actually hands-down talking and music
did better than the control
there was larger biomass larger yield
bigger pea pods so what do we think is
it busted plausible or confirmed well
this team did really good on this job
but the samples not quite big enough to
say confirmed however I'm really
impressed
it is totally plausible well
interestingly although talking helps it
doesn't matter what you actually say to
your plants that's what our data says it
says you could curse at it you could be
kind to it the plant doesn't know the
difference but music for a bumper crop
let there be rock
Vittoria not gonna try a pair of the
death metal piece here
they taste quite good the ones that
music was played to just tastes
fantastically